* Contributors

  Prof. Frank Stajano, University of Cambridge, UK
  Prof. Toshiyuki Masui, Keio Univeristy, Japan

* The Goal

We propose a joint research project on future authentication
systems, between University of Cambridge and Keio university.

Prof. Stajano has been proposing an ultimate solution to current
authentication systmes based on user-ids and passwords. His group
has been proposing the "Pico" architecture, where everybody carries
his/her special authentication device that can be used for all the
authentication chores required in his/her everyday life. Using the
Pico device and Pico-enabled environment, everybody can enjoy all
the resources on the Web and computers safely without worrying about
authentication details.

Although the Pico approach is promising, it seems very difficult to
persuade people to switch from current password-full environments to
the ideal Pico-based environment. Prof. Stajano and his group are
well aware of it, and they have been working on finding the best
solution for the transition. This is a challenging goal, but with
the joint research project, we believe we can get close to the goal,
because of the following reasons:

- Prof. Masui has been doing researches on mobile/ubiquitous computing
  for 20+ years, and he has developed various useful systems used in the
  real-world. One of his inventions, the predictive Japanese text input
  system, is used by tens of millions of Japanese mobile-phone users,
  and his Japanese text input system for iPhone is used by all the
  iPhone users in Japan. He also has enough knowledge on current RF
  technologies (NFC, Bluetooth, etc.) available on mobile devices, and
  such technologies are crucial for the design of Pico. His experiences
  and knowledges on mobile user interface and RF devices can be of
  great help to the Pico project.

- Prof. Masui is running very large Web services that can be used as
  testbeds for authentication systems. One of his services, Gyazo.com,
  is an image capture/upload service on the Web with 7,000,000+ users.
  Gyazo.com is now 992nd-largest service on the Web, and it can be used
  as a testbed for future authentication systems.
  http://Gyazo.com/
  http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/gyazo.com
  http://gyazo.com/9ccd451c48d0f4ae51dda0b9aa5566ca

* Schedule

Prof. Masui visits University of Cambridge for two weeks in Octover
or November for the discussion of the project. He and his family
visits Cambridge from February 2015 to March 2015 (2 months) for the
joint project.  Prof. Masui has to stay in Japan during Spring
semester of 2015 (April to June) for his classes, but he can visit
Cambridge 2 weeks for the project during the period. He will get a
sabattical leave from Keio University from September 2015, and stay in
Cambridge for 3 months for the project.

* Budgets

?????











